HOLLERAN:
WE'VE GOT SOMEBODY ELSE
TO DO YOUR TEAM'S
PSYCHOLOGICAL EVALUATION
THIS YEAR.
SAM:
WHO'S TOTH?
JULES:
MILITARY PSYCHOLOGIST.
ED:
HE BREAKS UP TEAMS.
PARKER:
HE DOES NOT BREAK UP TEAMS.
OH, COME ON.
PARKER:
HE'S A SPECIALIST
IN TEAM PSYCHOLOGY.
WE'VE HAS SOME TOUGH CALLS.
(RESOUNDING EXPLOSION)
TOTH:
YOU LOSE YOUR BEST FRIEND,
IT'S THREE IN THE AFTERNOON,
HOW DO YOU SPEND
THE REST OF YOUR DAY?
SPIKE:
I WENT HOME.
TODAY YOUR FIRED DIES,
TOMORROW MY SON DIES.
YOU PATCH THINGS UP
WITH YOUR FATHER?
NO.
WHY NOT?
'CAUSE HE WON'T.
WHY?
HE'S DYING.
PARKER:
SPIKE.
HE WON'T PATCH THINGS UP
UNTIL I QUIT SRU.
TOTH:
YOU AND JULES CALLAGHAN
WERE INVOLVED,
DID YOU KNOW THE RISK
TO THE TEAM?
YES, I KNEW THE RISK
TO TEAM.
THAT'S WHY I BROKE IT OFF.
TOTH:
THERE'S A REASON
THAT'S AGAINST SRU POLICY -
IT PUTS YOUR TEAMMATES
IN DANGER.
SAM:
BUT IT MAKES NO DIFFERENCE
BECAUSE IT'S OVER.
TOTH:
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU HAD A FULL MEDICAL?
WORDY:
MY LAST MEDICAL WAS FINE.
HOW DO EXPLAIN YOUR TROUBLE
WITH CONCENTRATION,
YOUR UNSTEADY HANDS,
YOUR SLOWER COGNITIVE
RESPONSE?
THIS JOB IS THE ONLY THING
I KNOW HOW TO DO.
RAISE YOUR ARMS.
WHEN THINGS GET TOUGH AT WORK
WHERE DO YOU TURN?
I COUNT ON MY TEAM.
WHERE DO YOU TURN
IF THERE'S SOMETHING
THAT YOU CAN'T SHARE
WITH THE TEAM?
MY FAMILY.
SO HOW'RE YOU COPING
WITH THEM GONE?
GREG, HOW'D HE KNOW
THAT SOPHIE LEFT ME?
I DIDN'T TRUST MYSELF
TO BE OBJECTIVE, EDDIE,
AS A COLLEAGUE
OR AS A FRIEND.
AS A FRIEND?
ED:
YOU KNOW WHAT, GENTLEMEN?
I GOT A BABY
I GOTTA MEET.
YEAH, PUT HER ON RIGHT NOW.
SOPH?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT'S THE BABY,
SHE'S NOT DOING THAT WELL.
HER HEART RATE'S LOW.
SHE'S NOT GETTING ENOUGH
OXYGEN.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN HER HEART'S
TOO SLOW? SOPHIE!
(VEHICLE HORN HONKS)
NO, SOPH...
COME ON, BUDDY!
I NEEDED FRESH EYES
ON MY PEOPLE.
I DIDN'T NEED YOU
TO BREAK 'EM DOWN.
YOUR INSTINCT WAS RIGHT;
THERE ARE FAULT LINES RUNNING
ALL THROUGH THIS TEAM.
WHAT YOU CALL FAULT LINES,
THAT'S THEM BEING HUMAN.
IT'S NATURAL THAT
YOU'RE FEELING PROTECTIVE.
WE HAD A RECORD NUMBER
OF HIGH-RISK CALLS
YOU'RE TEAM'S NUMBERS.
THESE GUYS CHOSE EACH OTHER.
EY'VE GOT
CH OTHER'S BACK!
I KNOW.
THERE'S GOTTA BE A GOOD REASON
TO BREAK UP THE TEAM.
(HORN HONKS IMPATIENTLY)
COME ON!
I'M TELLING YOU
THAT YOU DO NOT NEED TO DO THIS,
ALL RIGHT?
LISTEN TO ME,
I NEED A BIT MORE TIME.
COME ON!
IT'S GREEN!
MAN:
GO AROUND!
(GEAR CLUNKS,
TIRES SCREECH)
(GROWLS, FRUSTRATED)
LET'S GO! LET'S GO!
(HONKS HORN)
COME ON!
PLEASE?!
(PHONE BEEPS OFF)
ALL RIGHT, BACK IN THE CAR.
LET'S MOVE THE VEHICLE, PLEASE.
LET'S DO IT NOW!
OKAY,
LET'S JUST SLOW THIS DOWN.
LET'S JUST SLOW IT DOWN.
(FIVE GUNSHOTS POP LOUDLY)
(TIRES SCREECH)
(TIGHT, PAINED BREATHS)
WINNIE:
SRU?
HOLLERAN:
WE'RE READY.
10-33, WHERE?
(CALL SIGNAL BEEPS)
LAKESHORE AND WHERE?
PARKER: WINNIE?
WINNIE: FORT YORK BOULEVARD.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WINNIE:
OFFICER DOWN,
MULTIPLE SHOTS FIRED.
HE'S SRU.
YOUR TEAM ACCOUNTED FOR?
YEAH, BOSS.
IT'S ED.
I'M ON IT.
TEAM THREE, GEAR UP!
TEAM THREE:
(READYING CHATTER)
PARKER: RECALL TEAM ONE.
HOLLERAN: SLOW DOWN A SECOND.
PARKER:
PAGE 'EM, 10-33,
GET 'EM BACK TO THE STATION.
YOUR TEAM'S NOT CLEARED
FOR DUTY.
THEN CLEAR 'EM FOR DUTY,
I HAVE A MAN DOWN.
HOLLERA: SERGEANT PARKER-
PARKER: WINNIE!
CAN YOU STAY OBJECTIVE?
HOLLERAN:
ARE YOU SAYING HIS TEAM
IS FIT FOR DUTY?
I'M SAYING THIS TEAM
HAS A MAN DOWN.
CAN YOU STAY OBJECTIVE?
I KNOW HOW TO DO MY JOB.
WINNIE,
RECALL TEAM ONE.
THANK YOU.
TEAM THREE'LL RIDE SHOTGUN.
AND I'LL BE WATCHING.
PARKER,
KEEP YOUR COMM CHANNEL OPEN.
OKAY, WINNIE,
GET HIM A HEADSET.
WINNIE:
YES, SIR.
PAGE 'EM.
I WANT MY PEOPLE.
WINNIE:
I'M ALREADY ON IT.
I THOUGHT YOU SAID YOU WANTED
TO BREAK UP THIS TEAM.
LET'S SEE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
ABOUT WHAT?
IT'S NOT GONNA GO AWAY.
SO...
(DOOR OPENS)
JULES AND WOMAN:
(STARTLED GASPS)
WOMAN:
OH.
WOW. UM...
OKAY, SORRY.
I'M GONNA GO.
HEY, NO, JULES.
(PDA RINGS)
I GOTTA GO.
WOMAN: SAM!
SAM: JULES! JULES!
WE'RE CLEARED FOR DUTY?
FOR NOW.
OFFICER DOWN.
IT'S ED.
WHAT?
WINNIE:
SARGE'S ON HIS WAY
TO THE HOSPITAL.
DONNA.
DONNA:
WITNESSES SAY THAT THE SHOOTER
IS WHITE MALE, THIRTIES,
DARK PANTS, DARK JACKET.
YOU GET AN ID ON THE CAR?
DONNA:
YEAH, WE GOT A PLATE
AND AN ADDRESS,
AND WE'RE HEADED THERE NOW.
THAT'S GREAT.
(WEAK BREATHS)
HOW YOU DOING THERE,
BUDDY?
HE'S IN SHOCK.
THEN TALK TO ME, DOC.
WINNIE, BOOST THE VOLUME,
PLEASE.
DOCTOR:
HE TOOK SEVEN BULLETS,
MOST TO THE CHEST
AND ABDOMEN.
THEY HIT HIS VEST.
HE HAS MAJOR BRUISING
AND HE'S LOST A LOT OF BLOOD.
HIS ARM?
TWO BULLETS -
IT'S THE ONE
I'M WORRIED ABOUT.
ULNAR NERVE DAMAGE.
PAGE THE SURGEON.
WE'VE GOTTA GET HIM INTO
AN O.R. AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
THIS SURGEON...
. BROWN.
DON'T WORRY,
HE'S THE BEST.
HERE THAT, BUDDY?
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY.
SOPHIE...
HIS WIFE...
Y CHECKED.
SHE'S IN MATERNITY,
TWO FLOORS UP.
SHE WAS IN LABOR.
SHE'S HAD A DOWNTURN.
BUT WE'VE GOT A TEAM
WORKING ON HER.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
DOWNTURN?
I'M SORRY,
THAT'S ALL I KNOW.
I'M SORRY.
ED: BOSS...
PARKER: IT'S OKAY, BUDDY.
I'M GONNA FIND OUT
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE.
SERGEANT PARKER,
YOUR PRIORITY.
ED:
GREG...
GIMME A MINUTE,
WILL YOU?
DON'T WORRY, I'M DONE.
GIVE HIM 10 MILS OF MORPHINE,
AND GET THE PRE-OP STARTED...
JUST KEEP ME POSTED,
PLEASE.
NURSE: WILL DO.
ED: BOSS...
HEY. YOU HANG TIGHT,
YOU GET SOME REST.
WE GOT A PLATE,
WE'RE GONNA GET THIS GUY.
I THOUGHT OF SOMETHING.
SOMEBODY ELSE
IN THE BACKSEAT.
A WOMAN.
MILITARY UNIFORM.
MILITARY UNIFORM?
TEAM,
CALL DOWNSVIEW BASE.
GOT IT, BOSS.
POSSIBLE HOSTAGE.
THAT'S WHEN HE SHOT YOU?
(EXHALES WEAKLY)
PARKER:
OKAY. WE'RE ON IT, BUDDY.
WE'RE ON IT.
AND, ED, ABOUT BEFORE,
WITH TOTH...
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
LET'S JUST GET THIS DONE.
JUST WHAT I WAS THINKING.
SAM:
BOSS,
THERE'S A SHOOTING
AT DOWNSVIEW BASE.
TWO SOLDIERS HIT.
ONE FEMALE, SHE'S MISSING.
WE'RE ON OUR WAY.
LET'S GET THIS SON OF BITCH
OFF THE STREET.
¶¶¶
JULES
C.O. SAYS SHOTS WERE FIRED
AT 16:50.
WORDY:
WE'LL NEED VISITOR
AND VEHICLE ENTRY LOGS.
SPIKE:
CORPORAL, WHICH WAY?
ANNOUNCEMENT:
PRIVATE MICHAELS, YOU'VE GOT
A CALL AT THE OFFICE.
PRIVATE MICHAELS TO THE OFFICE.
JULES, CAN WE TALK?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT, SAM.
I APOLOGIZE.
I DIDN'T EVEN THINK TO ASK
IF YOU WERE SEEING SOMEBODY.
THAT WAS NATALIE.
SHE SEEMS REALLY NICE.
MY SISTER NATALIE.
RIGHT.
NATALIE.
SHE SHOWED UP LAST NIGHT.
SHE'S GONNA CRASH WITH ME
FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
PERSONAL REASONS.
MAYBE IT'S FOR THE BEST.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
PRIVATE JORDAN?
JULES CALLAGHAN.
THIS IS SAM BRADDOCK.
STRATEGIC RESPONSE UNIT.
THERE IT IS.
CIVILIAN SUV EXITING 16:54.
WORDY:
YOU JUST SHOT TWO PEOPLE,
YOU TAKE THE TIME TO SIGN OUT?
SPIKE:
IF YOU DON'T WANNA
ATTRACT ATTENTION.
WORDY:
SIGNED OUT 16:54,
SIGNED IN 16:36.
GUYS, WE'VE GOT A NAME.
SHANE DEVLIN.
SHANE DEVLIN, GOT IT.
SPIKE:
I'LL RUN THE NAME.
WORDY:
HOW'S THE HAND?
IT'S AWESOME.
HOW'S YOURS?
WHAT'D HE SAY?
WHAT DID WHO SAY?
DR. TOTH, WHAT DID HE SAY
ABOUT MY HAND?
WHEN?
YOUR PSYCH ASSESSMENT -
YOU WENT RIGHT AFTER ME -
WHAT'D HE SAY?
YOU WERE LOOKING AT IT,
JUST NOW.
WHY, WHAT'S UP
WITH YOUR HAND?
NOTHING'S WRONG WITH MY HAND,
IT'S JUST...
DR. TOTH, HE'S JUST...
HE'S MESSING WITH ME.
OKAY.
(SIRENS WAIL THROUGHOUT CITY)
DONNA, YOU FIND HIM?
DONNA:
THIS ADDRESS HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH THIS SHOOTER.
PARKER:
NOW HOW'S THAT?
WELL, UNLESS HE'S CRASHING
WITH A COUPLE OF VIETNAMESE
SENIOR CITIZENS...
STOLEN LICENSE PLATES?
THAT'S WHAT I'M THINKING.
COULD YOU CHECK IT OUT
PLEASE?
I'LL CHECK
AND I'LL GET BACK TO YOU.
(SIRENS WAIL)
HOW'RE YOU DOING,
PRIVATE?
I'M OKAY.
SAM:
LOOKS LIKE YOU GOT LUCKY.
YEAH.
BULLET WENT RIGHT THROUGH.
WHERE'S KEEFLER?
IS SHE ALL RIGHT?
WE'RE GOING TO FIND HER
BUT WE NEED YOUR HELP.
OKAY? CAN YOU TELL US
WHAT HAPPENED?
PRIVATE JORDAN:
MEG KEEFLER WAS SHOWING ME
THE ROPES.
SAM:
WHAT'S YOUR POSITION HERE?
AS OF TODAY?
MORTUARY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST.
JULES:
THE MAN WHO SHOT YOU?
PRIVATE JORDAN:
SHANE DEVLIN.
HE WAS HERE TO RETRIEVE
THE PERSONAL EFFECTS
OF HIS BROTHER
RICHARD DEVLIN.
CORPORAL DEVLIN WAS KILLED
IN AFGHANISTAN.
KEEFLER:
I'M SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS,
MR. DEVLIN.
KEEFLER:
YOUR BROTHER WAS A-
MAN:
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WHAT'RE YOU DOING?
WELL, IT'S JUST A FORMALITY,
SIR.
NO. WHAT'S HE DOING?
PRIVATE JORDAN:
WE USUALLY, UH...
WE HAVE TO DO A FINAL INVENTORY
OF THE CONTENTS
BEFORE WE CAN RELEASE
THE LOCKER.
OKAY, WELL,
YOU CAN'T JUST DO THAT, OKAY?
THESE ARE RICHARD'S ITEMS,
THEY'RE PERSONAL,
HAVE SOME RESPECT!
SIR, I'M VERY SORRY
ABOUT THE CIRCUMSTANCES-
NO!
NO, THIS IS HIS STUFF.
THIS IS COMPLETELY
UNACCEPTABLE!
KEEFLER:
JEFFREY...
PLEASE EXCUSE US.
JEFFREY, LISTEN.
THIS IS AN EMOTIONAL DAY
FOR ANY FAMILY MEMBER.
I KNOW. I GET THAT.
I'M RESPECTING THAT.
YES, BUT THIS GUY'S
OBVIOUSLY DEEPLY UPSET.
SO I THINK WE SHOULD
LET THIS ON GO.
I'M NOT CUTTING CORNERS.
THIS IS PROTOCOL,
RIGHT?
IT'S HARD FOR HIM,
IT'S HARD FOR EVERYONE ELSE.
WE STILL GOT DO OUR JOBS.
MR. DEVLIN,
YOU'RE FREE TO OBSERVE.
YOU'LL SEE THAT WE COMPLETELY
RESPECT YOUR BROTHER'S PRIVACY.
RICHARD GAVE HIS LIFE, OKAY?
HE GAVE HIS LIFE!
THIS IS NOT OKAY!
(TWO GUNSHOTS POP LOUDLY)
KEEFLER AND PRIVATE JORDAN:
(GRUNTING IN PAIN)
(SHOCKED GASP)
(GRUNTS OF EFFORT)
WHEN I CAME TO,
I CALLED FOR HELP.
NO ONE RESPONDED
TO THE GUNSHOTS?
IT'S A MILITARY BASE,
WE HEAR GUNSHOTS ALL THE TIME.
WHEN WE GOT HERE,
CORPORAL KEEFLER WAS GONE.
SO WAS THE LOCKER.
SHE GOT IN THE WAY,
LAST SECOND.
YOU GET A CHANCE TO SEE
WHAT WAS IN THE LOCKER?
NO.
MAYBE IT'S SOMETHING THE BROTHER
DIDN'T WANT YOU TO SEE.
YOU CAN GET HIM OUT OF SCHOOL
AND ASK HIM.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
THE LATE RICHARD DEVLIN DOES
HAVE A BROTHER NAMED SHANE.
HE'S 11-YEARS-OLD.
WHAT?
WORDY:
OUR GUY'S AN IMPOSTOR.
AND HE WENT TO A HELL
OF A LOT OF TROUBLE
TO GET HIS HANDS
ON THAT LOCKER.
NURSE:
HAVE YOU EVER BEEN TREATED
FOR AN IRREGULAR HEART BEAT?
ED:
NO.
NURSE:
DO YOU HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE?
ED:
NO.
DAD, WHAT HAPPENED?
ARE YOU OKAY?
ED:
OH YEAH, I'M OKAY, I'M OKAY.
HOW'S MOM?
I DON'T KNOW.
THEY WON'T TELL ME ANYTHING.
MR. LANE, WE'RE GONNA GET YOU
SOMETHING FOR THE PAIN, OKAY?
ED:
'KAY, NO. YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST TELL ME
HOW MY WIFE'S DOING?
NURSE:
SIGN HERE
AND WE'LL GET YOU TO THE-
BLOND NURSE: MR. LANE?
NURSE: LAY BACK, MR. LANE.
CLARK:
DAD, JUST...
GIVE ME THE CHAIR.
BLOND NURSE:
MR. LANE,
THE LONGER WE WAIT
THE LESSER YOUR CHANCE
OF A FULL RECOVERY.
LOOK, I WASN'T HERE
WHEN MY SON WAS BORN.
I PROMISED MY WIFE
I'D BE HERE TODAY.
SO ARE YOU GONNA HELP ME
OR NOT?
(SIGHS, RELUCTANT)
CAN YOU GO GET THE WHEELCHAIR?
(EXHALES HEAVILY
AND GRUNTS)
WINNIE:
BOSS, I'VE GOT DONNA.
PARKER:
PATCH HER IN TO THE TEAM.
GO AHEAD, DONNA.
DONNA:
OKAY, BABY STEPS HERE.
THERE WAS A MASS THEFT
OF LICENSE PLATES
ABOUT A WEEK AGO.
THE JOB IS CONNECTED
TO A DRUG DEALER
NAMED NEIL CAVELL.
AWESOME.
DONNA:
I KNOW THIS GUY, WORDY.
HE'S AN UP-AND-COMER.
WE TRIED TO GET HIM DOWN
WHEN I WAS UNDERCOVER
AT DRUG SQUAD
AND COULDN'T DO IT.
SAM:
WHAT'S CAVELL INTO?
HEROIN.
THERE'S YOUR AFGHANISTAN
CONNECTION.
PARKER:
YOU THINK THIS IS CAVELL
WE'RE AFTER?
DONNA:
NO.
ED'S SHOOTER DOES NOT MATCH
THE DESCRIPTION,
BUT IT COULD BE ONE
OF HIS GUYS.
OKAY, LEAN ON YOUR CONTACTS
AT DRUG SQUAD.
DONNA:
YEAH, I WILL.
WORDY:
HOW IS HE?
COUPLE BROKEN RIBS,
LOST A LOT OF BLOOD...
HE'LL BE GOOD.
WHAT AREN'T YOU SAYING,
BOSS?
POSSIBLE NERVE DAMAGE
IN HIS ARM.
IT'S TOO SOON TO TELL.
SO, DRUGS?
SMUGGLED IN A DEAD SOLDIER'S
LOCKER.
DR. TOTH:
SERGEANT PARKER...
YES, DR. TOTH.
I'VE WORKED
WITH SOLDIER'S FAMILIES.
I KNOW A THING OR TWO
ABOUT THE CHAIN OF GRIEF.
WELL, HOW DOES A CIVILIAN
GET ACCESS
TO A SOLDIER'S BELONGINGS?
DR TOTH:
HE DOESN'T.
THE DELIVERY FOLLOWS A STRICT
CHAIN OF CUSTODY PROTOCOL.
THE DECEASED'S ITEMS
ARE EXAMINED,
PREPARED AND INVENTORIED
OVERSEAS,
TRANSPORTED BY LOCKER
UNDER STRICT SUPERVISION,
AND THEN STORED
AT THE DEPOT
UNTIL THEY'RE RELEASED
TO A FAMILY MEMBER
AFTER A SECOND INSPECTION.
SO IF YOU WANTED TO ARRANGE
A DRUG SHIPMENT,
YOU'D BYPASS CIVILIAN
BORDER INSPECTION,
WHICH IS SMART...
ALL YOU'D NEED
IS AN ACCOMPLICE INSIDE.
LET'S CHECK THE DUTY ROSTER.
SOPHIE:
(MUFFLED WHIMPERS
AND PAINED GROANS)
EDDIE!
WHAT HAPPENED?!
I'M OKAY.
I'M RIGHT HERE.
(GUTTURAL MOAN)
WHY'S SHE IN PAIN?
THE ANESTHETIST'S ON HIS WAY.
SOPHIE... SOPHIE...
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY.
SNIPER BREATHING,
LIKE WE PRACTICED, OKAY?
BREATHE IN,
BREATHE IN.
HOLD...
OUT.
THAT'S IT, BABY.
THAT'S IT.
IN... (BREATHES IN)
AND OUT...
THAT'S IT.
GOOD. GOOD.
JULES:
THANKS.
ALL RIGHT,
TODAY IS MEG KEEFLER'S SHIFT.
SHE RUNS IT ALONE.
SHE'S DEFINITELY KNEW
THAT THE LOCKER WAS COMING IN.
THEN THEY GAVE HER
PRIVATE JORDAN TO TRAIN.
KEEFLER SAID
TO "LET THIS ONE GO,"
BUT HE WOULDN'T.
HE'S THE REASON THINGS
WENT OFF THE RAILS.
SO THE GUNMAN DIDN'T ABDUCT
KEEFLER FOR LEVERAGE.
HE TOOK HER
'CAUSE SHE WAS WOUNDED.
BECAUSE SHE'S IN ON IT.
SO THE GUNMAN DIDN'T FIRE
AT MEG KEEFLER,
NOT ON PURPOSE.
YEAH, SHE GOT IN THE LINE
OF FIRE.
SHE'S WOUNDED.
HE'S PROBABLY LOOKING FOR HELP.
YOUR PARTNER'S SHOT,
WHERE WOULD YOU GO?
NOT THE HOSPITAL.
A COLLEAGUE,
A FRIEND HE TRUSTED...
CAPTAIN QADIR.
JANI QADIR.
SHE'S A DOCTOR.
SHE AND KEEFLER
SERVED TOGETHER,
THEY'RE FRIENDS.
ED:
SOPHIE, BREATHE IN,
2, 3, 4, HOLD...
AND OUT...
EDDIE, YOU GOTTA LET THEM
HELP YOU.
I'M OKAY.
BREATHE IN.
DOCTOR:
SHE'S STILL
AT FIVE CENTIMETERS.
MRS. LANE?
SOPHIE?
WE'RE GONNA DO THE C-SECTION,
ALL RIGHT?
AS SOON AS THE ANESTHETIST
HAS YOU SET UP-
(MONITOR BEEPS)
ON HER SIDE.
ED:
WHAT'S GOING ON?
DOCTOR:
WE'VE LOST READINGS
ON THE BABY.
WE NEED TO GET THE BABY
BACK INTO POSITION.
(PAINED CRIES)
IT'S OKAY,
I'M RIGHT HERE.
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
SRU:
POLICE! SHOW US YOUR HANDS!
HANDS IN THE AIR! DO IT NOW!
PARKER:
THE MAN WHO BROUGHT YOU HERE,
WHERE IS HE?!
THE HOUSE IS CLEAR.
HE'S NOT HERE.
PARKER:
LOOK, I REALIZE
YOU'VE BEEN SHOT, CORPORAL,
BUT I NEED ANSWERS NOW.
HOW'RE YOU DOING?
I'M FINE.
PARKER:
THE MAN WHO BROUGHT YOU HERE,
HE'S MAKING SOME
DANGEROUS CHOICES RIGHT NOW.
WE NEED TO FIND OUT
WHERE HE IS.
YOU KNOW HIM.
WE KNOW YOU'RE INVOLVED.
JANI:
MEG, TALK.
WHO DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE HELPING BY NOT TALKING?
MEG, NEITHER OF YOU
IS WALKING AWAY FROM THIS.
PARKER:
THIS GUY YOU THINK
YOU'RE PROTECTING
IS ON A VERY DESTRUCTIVE PATH.
WE CAN HELP HIM.
YOU GIVE US HIS NAME.
HIS NAME'S COLIN POTTER,
HE'S MY HUSBAND.
HE'S YOUR HUSBAND.
WHERE'D HE GO?
DON'T KNOW.
JULES:
DID HE MENTION THE NAME CAVELL?
NEIL CAVELL?
MEG, DO YOU WANNA HELP
YOUR HUSBAND?
NEIL CAVELL.
YES.
JULES:
IS THAT WHO HE'S MEETING?
YES.
HE DIDN'T TELL ME WHERE.
OKAY, KEEP TALKING TO HER.
PARKER: DONNA.
DONNA: YEAH, BOSS?
GUNMAN'S NAME IS
IS COLIN POTTER.
HE'S ON HIS WAY
TO MEET CAVELL.
YOU GET ANYTHING
FROM DRUG SQUAD?
AH, HE LIVES IN PARKDALE
BUT HE CONDUCTS
AFTER HOURS MEETINGS
AT HIS BROTHER'S
TRADING COMPANY
AT 2336 DUNDAS STREET EAST.
OKAY,
LET'S GET A HEAD START.
KEEP LISTENING.
DONNA:
YOU KNOW, YOU GET COLIN
TO TALK ABOUT CAVELL,
THAT WOULD BE THE FIRST SOLID
PIECE OF EVIDENCE
WE HAVE ON THE GUY.
YOU'D MAKE
DRUG SQUAD'S DAY.
YEAH, I DON'T GIVE A DAMN
ABOUT THEIR DAY.
JUST GET THERE, FAST.
DONNA: BOSS?
PARKER: WHAT?
DO YOU WANT MY TEAM
TO HANDLE THIS?
WE'LL MEET YOU THERE,
DONNA.
DONNA: OKAY, BUT-
PARKER: GO!
OBSERVE AND MAINTAIN DISTANCE,
ALL RIGHT?
WE NEED TO KNOW
OUR PLAYERS BETTER
BEFORE WE JOIN THE GAME,
THAT'S WHAT WE'RE DOING
RIGHT NOW, YOU COPY ME?
YUP.
LOUD AND CLEAR.
(SNIFFLES)
(SHAKEY EXHALE)
(SNIFFS SEVERAL TIMES)
KEEFLER:
COLIN'S A WAR CORRESPONDENT.
HE WAS ON ASSIGNMENT
IN AFGHANISTAN.
HE CAME BACK,
BUT IT WASN'T COLIN
REALLY.
HE'D CHANGED.
(GLASS SHATTERS)
TO GET THE STORIES HE NEEDED
OVER THERE
HEY, HEY...
HE GOT CLOSE TO HIS SOURCES.
HE WORKED THOSE RELATIONSHIPS.
TRUST -
A FAVOR FOR A FAVOR.
YEAH, I MEAN, HE'D SEEN SOME
DISTURBING THINGS OVER THERE
AND EVERYONE COPES
THEIR OWN WAY.
COLIN'S ALWAYS BEEN IMPULSIVE,
ADDICTIVE...
AND IT TURNS OUT
THAT SOME OF THOSE SOURCES
HE MADE FRIENDS WITH...
DRUG TRAFFICKERS.
KEEFLER:
THEY GOT HIM ON OPIUM FIRST...
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
AND THEN HEROIN,
AND THEN WHATEVER
HE COULD GET HIS HANDS ON.
AND THOSE FRIENDS
KEPT ENABLING HIM,
A FAVOR FOR A FAVOR.
(WEEPING)
COLIN:
I'M SORRY, MEGS.
DON'T BE SORRY.
IT'S OVER.
WE'LL GET YOU HELP.
IT'S NOT OVER!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I OWE THEM MONEY!
BUT THEY'RE 10,000 MILES
FROM HERE.
THEY HAVE PEOPLE HERE;
THEY'LL FIND ME.
THEY'LL FIND US.
I NEED YOUR HELP, MEGS.
THEY HAD SOMEONE ON THE INSIDE
IN AFGHANISTAN
AND THEY NEEDED SOMEONE
ON THE RECEIVING END,
SOMEONE WHO COULD TURN
A BLIND EYE.
THEY SAID THAT
IF WE DON'T DO THIS,
THEY'RE GONNA
COME AFTER YOU.
AFTER ME?
THEY KNOW I DON'T CARE
WHAT HAPPENS TO ME
AND I DON'T, MEGS,
I DON'T.
I DON'T CARE AT ALL.
BUT I CAN'T LET THEM
HURT YOU.
LOOK, CAN WE JUST DO THIS?
JUST THIS ONE TIME?
JUST THIS ONE TIME
AND MY DEBT TO THEM IS GONE.
AND THEN I WILL GET HELP,
AND WE WILL GO BACK
TO THE WAY THINGS WERE.
BUT YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE ME.
IT WON'T WORK IF YOU DON'T.
DO YOU BELIEVE ME?
I BELIEVE YOU.
IT'S OKAY.
WHAT COULD I SAY?
WHAT ELSE COULD I DO?
BUT SOMETHING WENT WRONG.
WE KNOW.
NO, NOT TODAY
AT THE WAREHOUSE.
I MEAN
ON THE SHIPPING END.
LOOK UNDER THE BLANKET.
THE HIDDEN COMPARTMENT
WAS EMPTY!
JANI:
SOMEONE MUST'VE INTERCEPTED
THE DRUGS
BEFORE THE LOCKER LEFT KABUL.
KEEFLER:
COLIN FREAKED.
WE TOLD HIM
HE COULD EXPLAIN,
TELL THE GUYS
THAT IT'S NOT HIS FAULT.
JANI:
BUT HE WAS HIGH,
PARANOID,
HE WASN'T LISTENING.
KEEFLER:
HE SAID THERE'S NO WAY
THEY'D BELIEVE HIM.
BUT HE WENT ANYWAY.
EMPTY-HANDED?
WHY?
BECAUSE THEY KNOW
WHERE WE LIVE.
HE'S ALREADY SHOT
THREE PEOPLE TODAY
TRYING TO KEEP
THIS APPOINTMENT.
MAYBE HE THINKS
THE ONLY WAY OUT NOW
IS KILL THE BAD GUYS FIRST.
PARKER:
DONNA, YOU LISTENING?
DONNA:
YEP.
IF HE SHOWS UP
WITHOUT THE DRUGS,
THAT'S NOT GONNA
GO OVER WELL.
PARKER:
ANY SIGN OF HIM YET?
NO. NOR CAVELL.
JULES:
OUR PRIORITY'S
TO KEEP THEM APART.
COLIN'S UNDER THE INFLUENCE,
EMOTIONALLY IMPULSIVE,
AND HE'S UP AGAINST GUYS
WHO CAN AIM.
AND THAT WOULD BE
A BAD THING.
SERGEANT,
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
TEAM, YOU HEARD JULES.
"CONNECT, RESPECT, PROTECT."
JULES:
WINNIE, UNIS AND AN E.M.T.
TO THIS ADDRESS.
WINNIE:
COPY THAT.
THANK YOU, MEG.
PLEASE, PLEASE DON'T LET THEM
HURT HIM.
WE'LL LET YOU KNOW
AS SOON AS HE'S SAFE.
IN THROUGH THE NOSE,
THAT'S IT.
THAT'S GOOD.
OUT SLOW...
SLOW...
YOU'RE DOING SO GOOD.
YOU'RE SO GOOD.
SO GOOD.
(MOANS) OW...
FOUR.
SOPHIE, HOLD ON.
THAT'S IT, BABY!
YOU'RE DOING GOOD.
DOCTOR:
MR. LANE, DON'T STOP.
THERE'S INTERNAL BLEEDING.
ANYTHING YOU CAN DO
TO HELP SLOW HER PULSE.
SOPHIE, YOU REMEMBER THAT NIGHT
JUST BEFORE WE GOT MARRIED,
OUT IN THE HAMMOCK,
JUST LYING THERE AND ROCKIN'
AND SWINGING...
DOCTOR:
THE BABY'S HEART RATE
IS 93 BPM.
STILL TOO LOW.
THE MOTHER'S IS TOO HIGH.
DOCTOR:
WE HAVE TO GET THE BABY OUT
NOW.
MR. LANE, WE GOTTA GET YOU
OUTTA THE WAY.
ED:
COME ON.
IT'S OKAY, SOPHIE.
PLEASE, SIR,
YOU HAVE TO LEAVE.
I LOVE YOU.
SOPHIE:
NO! ED!
NURSE:
SHE'S BLEEDING AGAIN.
DOCTOR:
MRS. LANE,
WE NEED YOU TO STAY CALM.
SOPHIE:
ED!
(SNIFFS SEVERAL TIMES
AND TAKES A CALMING BREATH)
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
PARKER:
TEAM THREE, WE'RE HERE.
WHAT DO YOU GOT?
DRUG SQUAD'S UNDERCOVER
ACROSS THE STREET.
YOUR GUY JUST ENTERED
THE BUILDING.
WHICH OFFICE
DOES CAVELL USE?
IT'S NOT AN OFFICE,
IT'S AN EXECUTIVE LOUNGE.
10TH FLOOR, RED WALL.
SAM:
OKAY, WE'LL TAKE THE STAIRS.
WE GOT A TAC PLAN
WORKED UP ON CAVELL.
DRUG SQUAD'S GONNA WATCH HIM
FROM THE OUTSIDE,
WE'RE GONNA TAKE HIM DOWN
IN THE LOBBY.
THIS THE LOUNGE?
DONNA:
YEAH.
IT'S A BIG ROOM,
IT'S EXPOSED GLASS.
SAM:
WE'RE GONNA NEED TO KNOW
WHERE HE IS.
SPIKE: I GOT IT COVERED.
SAM: COPY THAT.
GO CAREFUL, DONNA.
(BOOTS CLOMPING)
(KEYPAD BEEPS)
(RUNNING FOOTSTEPS)
(SQUEALING SOUND NEARBY)
SPIKE:
HEADING INTO POSITION
ONE FLOOR DOWN.
(STRESSED BREATHS)
PARKER: CLEAR?
WORDY: YEAH.
PARKER: SPIKE?
SPIKE: I'M UNDERNEATH.
(DEVICE BEEPS)
(PANICKED BREATHS)
ED:
YOU REMEMBER WHAT I SAID
ABOUT THIS WHOLE
GETTING MARRIED THING?
"HOW DO WE KNOW
FOR SURE?"
(MACHINE BEEPS)
REMEMBER WHAT YOU SAID?
"WE DON'T.
IT'S A MYSTERY.
WE DON'T KNOW FOR SURE
TILL IT'S OVER."
(CRIES)
ED:
AND YOU SAID, "THE THING
ABOUT GETTING MARRIED IS,
IS WHO YOU WANNA FACE
THE MYSTERY WITH?
(EXHALES)
(DEVICE TRILLS)
I GOT HIM.
HE'S ON THE MOVE IN THERE.
(DEVICE TRILLS)
BLACK WALL.
COPY.
LET'S TAKE DOWN THE DOOR.
(READYING BREATH)
(TWO SHOTS BLAST LOUDLY)
(FLASH-BANG BLASTS,
GLASS SHATTERS)
SRU:
POLICE! SRU! DROP YOUR WEAPON!
SRU! SRU! HANDS IN THE AIR!
DROP YOUR WEAPON
AND SHOW US YOUR HANDS NOW!
JULES:
PUT YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR NOW!
DROP YOUR WEAPON!
SAM:
SPIKE, HE WENT THROUGH A DOOR
THAT WASN'T ON THE MAP.
I'M ON IT.
DROP YOUR WEAPON!
DO IT NOW!
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
GET BACK!
DON'T! DON'T!
STAY BACK!
WORDY:
I'VE GOT VANTAGE
AND CONCEALMENT.
SAM:
WORDY, LAY LOW,
HOLD FIRE.
SPIKE, YOU'RE SIERRA.
COPY THAT.
PARKER:
WORDY, YOU'RE MY EYES.
HEY, COLIN...
HEY, COLIN,
I'M GREG PARKER.
I'M WITH THE POLICE STRATEGIC
RESPONSE UNIT.
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE TALK,
HUH?
WORDY:
BODY LANGUAGE...
LOOKS LIKE HE'S GONNA JUMP.
LOOK,
I KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TODAY.
(WHIMPERS)
AND I KNOW YOU WERE
TRYING TO...
YOU WERE TRYING TO DO
WHAT YOU THOUGHT YOU HAD TO DO;
THAT, UH...
THAT YOU DIDN'T THINK
YOU HAD ANOTHER CHOICE.
THAT YOU WERE WORRIED
ABOUT MEG, RIGHT?
I DID EXACTLY
WHAT I HAD TO DO.
I DIDN'T HAVE A CHOICE.
PARKER:
HEY...
PARKER: COL-
COLIN: DON'T!
PARKER:
OKAY! OKAY! I'M NOT COMING
ANY CLOSER, BUDDY.
BOSS, HE'S PAST NEGOTIATION.
HE SHOT A COP
AND A SOLDIER.
I DON'T THINK HE'S SEEING
THE HAPPY ENDING HERE.
SAM:
BOSS, IF WE WANNA STOP
A SUICIDE,
THE ONLY WAY'S A DOUBLE DROP.
STAGING AREA LOOKS GOOD.
JULES:
WE'D HAVE HIM ON THE GROUND
BEFORE HE KNEW WHAT HIT HIM.
A DOUBLE-DROP,
10 FLOORS UP.
WHAT'S YOUR TAKE
ON THAT MOVE?
I DON'T LIKE IT.
IT'S RISKY,
BUT IT'S IN THE PLAYBOOK?
YES.
WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
JUDGMENT CALL.
IT'S NEVER BLACK OR WHITE.
YES,
BUT WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
I WOULDN'T RISK MY TEAM.
UNLESS YOU HAD SOMETHING
TO PROVE...
COLIN:
(CRIES)
SAM:
BOSS, I'M NOT SEEING
ANOTHER OPTION.
SO I GOTTA RISK MY TEAM
TO SAVE THE GUY
WHO SHOT MY TL SEVEN TIMES.
IT'S YOUR CALL, BOSS.
COLIN:
I'M SO SORRY.
'KAY, SAM, LET'S DO IT.
YOU GOTTA KEEP HIM
STILL.
PARKER:
I'M GONNA TRY
TO KEEP HIS FOCUS ON ME.
JUST GIVE US THE WORD.
I'VE FALLEN,
AND I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, BABY.
PARKER:
ALL RIGHT, WE GOT ONE SHOT
AT THIS, GUYS.
HIS INSTINCTS ARE PRIMAL,
WE TIME THIS WRONG,
GIVE HIM TIME TO REACT,
HE'S GONNA TAKE YOU DOWN
WITH HIM.
SERGEANT PARKER,
I CAN'T LET YOU DO THIS.
EXCUSE ME?
TOTH:
YOUR TEAM WAS A BREATH AWAY
FROM BEING DISBANDED.
YOU'RE RISKING THEIR LIVES
TO PROVE SOMETHING TO ME.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
THIS IS THE JOB.
THIS IS WHAT WE DO.
NOTHING CHANGES.
(CRYING)
TEAM ONE.
ANYONE WANTS TO STAND DOWN,
THE CHOICE IS YOURS.
SPIKE?
PRESENT AND ON BOARD.
PARKER: WORDY?
WORDY: NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
PARKER: JULES?
JULES: I'M GOOD.
PARKER:
SAM?
NOWHERE IN THE WORLD
I'D RATHER BE.
THERE'S YOUR ANSWER,
DR. TOTH.
COPY THAT,
SERGEANT PARKER.
(CHATTER THROUGHOUT O.R.,
MONITORS BEEP)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
SOPHIE, YOU HANG ON.
HANG ON.
SOPHIE, HANG ON.
STANDING BY IN POSITION,
BOSS.
(CRIES AND MUTTERS)
PARKER:
HEY, COLIN?
I'M HAVING TROUBLE
UNDERSTANDING
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING, BUDDY,
CAN YOU REPEAT THAT?
(WHIMPERS QUIETLY)
WORDY, WHAT DO YOU SEE?
HE'S PACING.
WE GOTTA KEEP HIM STILL.
WORDY, JULES AND SAM,
THEY'RE IN YOUR HANDS.
COPY.
(CHATTER THROUGHOUT O.R.)
ED:
SOPH, YOU REMEMBER
WHAT HAPPENED NEXT?
BABY...
IT WAS SO QUIET.
THERE'S NO MOON,
NO CRICKETS,
AND YOU SAID, "EDDIE,
IT'S NOT LIKE THERE'S GONNA BE
SOME KIND OF A SIGN..."
DOCTOR,
THERE WE GO.
I CAN SEE THE BABY'S HEAD.
NICE AND EASY.
READY?
HERE WE GO.
COLIN!
(CRYING AND MUTTERING)
I REALLY DON'T...
COLIN!
HEY, LOOK AT ME!
LOOK AT ME, BUDDY.
ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT MEG?
(SNIFFLES)
IS SHE OKAY?
YEAH, SHE'S OKAY.
SHE'S WITH HER FRIEND
RIGHT NOW,
YOU WANT ME TO SEND
A MESSAGE TO HER.
'CAUSE SHE'S SAFE.
BUT YOU'RE HERE,
HOW IS SHE SAFE?
BOSS HAS HIS ATTENTION,
TAKE TWO STEPS TO YOUR RIGHT.
PARKER:
SHE'S WITH HER FRIEND, BUDDY.
AND YOU SAID, "EDDIE,
IT'S NOT LIKE...
THERE'S GONNA BE A SIGN,
SOME KIND OF SIGN.
THAT EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE
ALL RIGHT."
DOCTOR:
HERE WE GO.
SHE'S A GIRL.
(QUICKENED BREATHS)
DOCTOR:
(MONITORS BEEP) OXYGEN.
RESPIRATORY DISTRESS.
YOU HAVE TO KEEP HER SAFE.
I PROMISE,
WE'LL KEEP HER SAFE.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME
TO TELL HER?
DOCTOR:
SINUSES. WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO ASPIRATE.
LET'S GET THESE AIRWAYS CLEAR.
BUT THERE WAS,
THERE WAS A SIGN.
SOPHIE, THERE WAS.
YOU REMEMBER?
FIREFLIES.
(WHISPERING)
ON THREE, TWO...
JUST TELL HER GOODBYE.
GO, GO, GO!
DOCTOR:
(INSTRUCTING O.R. TEAM)
(GUNSHOT BLASTS,
GLASS SHATTERS)
SAM AND COLIN:
(STRUGGLING GRUNTS)
(BABY CRIES,
ED AND SOPHIE EXHALE, RELIEVED)
PARKER:
GUN CLEAR.
(HANDCUFFS RASP)
JULES:
UP, UP!
SAM AND JULES:
(GRUNTS OF EFFORT)
6:54 P.M.,
SUBJECT SECURE.
GOOD WORK, TEAM ONE.
TEAM ONE, SUBJECT SECURE.
COPY THAT.
TEAM THREE, STATUS?
DONNA:
FLAWLESS TEAM THREE TAKE DOWN
IN THE LOBBY.
CAVELL IS IN CUSTODY,
DRUG SQUAD IS VERY HAPPY
TO HAVE THEIR EVIDENCE.
THAT'S GOOD WORK,
DONNA.
DONNA:
MIRACLE OF MODERN TECHNOLOGY.
I SPOTTED CAVELL,
CALLED HIM ON HIS CELLULAR,
DISTRACTED HIM WITH
MY UNDERCOVER SKANK VOICE,
AND, UH, WE TOOK HIM DOWN.
CAN I HEAR YOUR UNDERCOVER
SKANK VOICE?
SOMEDAY, SPIKEY.
SOMEDAY.
OKAY, I'LL SEE YOU GUYS
BACK AT THE BARN?
SOMEWHERE WE GOTTA BE FIRST.
I'LL BE THERE
AS SOON AS I CAN.
...AND WE LOOKED UP
AND WE SAW FIREFLIES.
THOUSANDS OF 'EM.
AND WE KNEW EVERYTHING
WAS GONA BE OKAY.
AND I MADE A PROMISE
TO YOUR MOM
AND NOW I'M GONNA MAKE
A PROMISE TO YOU...
A TIME LIKE THIS
AND YOU CHOOSE TO COME HERE?
THANK YOU.
I DON'T LIKE
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
I'LL BE FAST.
TO BE BLUNT,
I STILL QUESTION
YOUR OBJECTIVITY.
BUT THE EVENTS OF THE DAY
AND YOUR TEAM'S PROFESSIONALISM
UNDER INTENSE
AND EXTREME
PERSONAL PRESSURE
HAS NOT GONE UNNOTICED.
I'M CLEARING THEM
FOR DUTY.
THANK YOU.
CONDITIONALLY.
YOU'RE ON PROBATION.
WORDSWORTH NEEDS
A FULL MEDICAL, ASAP;
SCARLATTI, A DECISION ABOUT
HIS COMMITMENT TO THE TEAM;
JULIANNA CALLAGHAN
AND SAM BRADDOCK,
IF THEIR RELATIONSHIP
CROSSES THE LINE AGAIN,
VIOLATING THE PRIORITY
OF LIFE CODE,
IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY MEASURES
AND REASSIGNMENT -
FOR THEM AND FOR YOU.
THEY'RE IN YOUR COMMAND;
YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE.
I'LL BE WATCHING.
EVERY CASE FILE,
EVERY TRANSCRIPT WILL BE
COPIED TO MY OFFICE.
YOU NEED TO DRAW
THE LINE
BETWEEN BEING A FRIEND
TO YOUR TEAM
AND BEING THEIR SERGEANT.
UNDERSTOOD.
GOOD.
WE'RE DONE.
¶¶¶
¶ It's amazing ¶
¶ So amazing
how I survived this road ¶
¶ Feel the fever ¶
¶ I can feel it
down inside my soul now ¶
OKAY,
IT'S TIME TO GO.
OKAY, OKAY.
(UNCLEAR COMMENT)
GRAB HER HEAD.
COME HERE.
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
¶ I'm never down,
oh-oh... ¶
¶ Can you see how ¶
¶ Can you see
how far we've come? ¶
¶ Such a miracle ¶
¶ Everything is ¶
¶ Everything is clear ¶
¶ And you are such a wonder ¶
¶ And I will be the one ¶
¶ To build you up ¶
¶ Build you up ¶
¶ Be the one to never doubt ¶
¶ I'll never doubt ¶
¶ Never doubt ¶
¶ It's amazing... ¶
IS HE STILL IN SURGERY?
YEAH.
ARE YOU OKAY
WITH THIS PROBATION THING?
¶ Feel the fever... ¶
YEAH, IT JUST MEANS
WE HAVE TO BE PERFECT.
HOW HARD COULD THAT BE?
WHAT?
KEV, WHAT?
IT COULD BE HARD.
¶ I'll be the one
to never doubt ¶
¶ I'll never doubt ¶
SHEL...
¶ I'll hold your hand ¶
THERE'S SOMETHING
I HAVE TO TELL YOU.
¶ I'll be the one
to understand ¶
¶ Yeah, I'll understand ¶
MR. SCARLOTTI:
(RASPY COUGHING)
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
IT'S OKAY.
YOU NEED
TO GIVE HIM PEACE.
PLEASE?
MICHELANGELO,
TELL HIM YOU'LL DO IT.
A WHILE.
HE DOESN'T HAVE LONG.
YOU CAN'T JUST WALK AWAY
AND THEN WALK BACK
WHEN YOU WANT.
THIS IS MY LIFE!
IT'S A JOB!
¶ I'll never doubt ¶
NAT?
¶ So amazing... ¶
NAT, ARE YOU HOME?
¶ Feel the fever ¶
¶ I can feel it down
inside my soul ¶
¶ And I will be the one
to build you up ¶
¶ I'll build you up ¶
I GUESS
WE SCARED HER AWAY.
¶ I'll never doubt ¶
¶ Oh ¶
¶ Can you see how... ¶
YOU SURE ABOUT THIS?
THERE'S NO PLACE
I WOULD RATHER BE.
¶ Everything is clear ¶
¶ And you are such a wonder ¶
¶ And I will be the one
to never doubt ¶
¶ I'll never doubt ¶
¶ Never doubt ¶